Update consult-store-search-terms-information.md (#1631)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Search/consult-store-search-terms-information.md

---
title: "Improving product discovery with autocomplete suggestions and search insights"
slug: "consult-store-search-terms-information"
hidden: false
createdAt: "2022-10-14T21:11:36.747Z"
updatedAt: "2022-11-02T14:39:45.843Z"
---

> To deliver relevant search results to your store's shoppers, it's essential to understand how they search for products in your store. The [Intelligent Search API](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/intelligent-search-api#overview) offers powerful insights into [popular search terms](#get-the-most-searched-terms) and [autocomplete suggestions](#get-autocomplete-suggested-terms-and-similar-attributes). The sections below outline how to utilize these tools to optimize your store's search experience.

Author: ```suggestion
To deliver relevant search results to your store's shoppers, it's essential to understand how they search for products in your store. The [Intelligent Search API](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/intelligent-search-api#overview) offers powerful insights into [popular search terms](#get-the-most-searched-terms) and [autocomplete suggestions](#get-autocomplete-suggested-terms-and-similar-attributes). The sections below outline how to use these tools to optimize your store's search experience.
```

## Retrieving the most searched terms

> To identify the terms your customers search for most frequently, use the [Get list of the 10 most searched terms](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-rest-api/reference/get_top-searches) endpoint. This endpoint allows you to filter results by specifying a `locale` in the query parameters.

Author: ```suggestion
To get your customers' most searched terms, use the [Get list of the 10 most searched terms](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-rest-api/reference/get_top-searches) endpoint. This endpoint allows you to filter results by specifying a `locale` in the query parameters.
```
